welcome to the third review for
half-life by projects I'm psycho and in
this part I am going to be reviewing the
second add-on for high five the
blueshift have the half I'd blue shift
at um so f like blue shift was released
pretty much at the same time as the
first hand on opposing force so as said
already in the other review I don't
really know which one was the first so I
don't really go I'm gonna go much into
detail for that so um as the story as
far as the story goes well half a blue
shift is as half-life and half-life
opposing force were a science-fiction
FPS video game developed I've Valve
Corporation and is the second add-on for
half-life 1 as said to have been
released and blue shift and opposing
force and in blue shift you change the
character as you did in opposing force
in blue shift you are playing as a
policeman named Barney Kowloon and um
the the game presents the story from yet
another perspective at the during the
session outbreak in Black Mesa well as
said you are still fighting the Shen who
are trying to take over the world from
an interdimensional ripping space from
from the Black Mesa facility um as far
as the gameplay goes even in blue shift
net but not much has been changed it's
still an FPS game among the first ones
um it's
it is it features a really good gameplay
as for the unit was released in and end
up to now actually it's still one of the
best FPS games that have been that have
ever been been been made the gameplay is
quite good and it can somewhat compares
us some some of the modern games and
that is probably why it's among the mess
SBS's and not much has been in changed
in the gameplay as said before even in
blue shift so it pretty much continues
the gameplay from from the original
half-life game the graphics themselves
well the graphics aren't really that
good but aren't bad either those were
pretty much the best graphics for the
1998 for the year it was released in um
it does allow some tweaking and works
pretty much on all of the computers the
graphics can't really compare to today's
games but can be used as some kind of
base a base to build on to newer games
so um the graphics are as said and
pretty pretty amazing for the time it
was released the but what makes the the
half-life series so good isn't really
the graphics themselves but the gameplay
and the story and pretty much the the
fact that it was among the first FPS
games that was ever that was released
so it basically but that made it some as
popular as it is and tilted up to today
so in my opinion the blueshift add-on is
a great addition to the half-life series
features a great story and even a better
and an even better gameplay it's worth
all the time spent and really worth
playing so if you haven't played it yet
i really suggest to you to down to buy
it download it and buy it so that's
pretty much going to be it for this
review don't forget to Like and
subscribe comment on the videos and I'm
going to see you guys in the next one
you